README.md, before:

# LilyGo-EPD-4-7-OWM-Weather-Display

Open Weather Map weather station using [LilyGo EPD 4.7" display](https://bit.ly/3exI3Hb)

[![Presetation video](assets/001.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQaVQcld1Pk)

# License

This code created by https://github.com/G6EJD/ is using the GPLv3 https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-EPD47 library to handle the display and as such falls into the GPLv3 license itself. This situation is described in the https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html#IfLibraryIsGPL

> If a library is released under the GPL (not the LGPL), does that mean that any software which uses it has to be under the GPL or a GPL-compatible license?

> Yes, because the program actually links to the library. As such, the terms of the GPL apply to the entire combination. The software modules that link with the library may be under various GPL compatible licenses, but the work as a whole must be licensed under the GPL.

This means that the original proprietary license that G6EJD tried to enforce is unlawful as it is not compatible with the GPLv3.

This fork fixes the problem by setting the correct license for the code while keeping the attribution and all the copyright of the original creator.

# Compiling and flashing

Edit `owm_credentials.h` and enter OWM API key as well as the location for which you want to display the weather data

To compile you will need following libraries

* https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-EPD47
* https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoJson

In board manager choose ESP32 Dev Module with PSRAM Enabled

Commit message:

Update to v2.8
Added a huge clock in fontsize 48b (Numbers only)
Partial Refresh for the clock only every 5 minutes
Offline Clock so it doesn't connect to the WiFi every reboot.

README.md, after:

# LilyGo-EPD-4-7-OWM-Weather-Display

Open Weather Map weather station using [LilyGo EPD 4.7" display](https://bit.ly/3exI3Hb)

[![Presetation video](assets/001.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQaVQcld1Pk)

Added a huge Clock. With partial refresh every 5 minutes
![Test Image](assets/002.jpg)

Offline Clock so it doesn't connect to the internet and get NTP time during Sleep hours.

Goes Offline when it cannot connect to WiFI.

# License

This code created by https://github.com/G6EJD/ is using the GPLv3 https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-EPD47 library to handle the display and as such falls into the GPLv3 license itself. This situation is described in the https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html#IfLibraryIsGPL

> If a library is released under the GPL (not the LGPL), does that mean that any software which uses it has to be under the GPL or a GPL-compatible license?

> Yes, because the program actually links to the library. As such, the terms of the GPL apply to the entire combination. The software modules that link with the library may be under various GPL compatible licenses, but the work as a whole must be licensed under the GPL.

This means that the original proprietary license that G6EJD tried to enforce is unlawful as it is not compatible with the GPLv3.

This fork fixes the problem by setting the correct license for the code while keeping the attribution and all the copyright of the original creator.

# Compiling and flashing

Edit `owm_credentials.h` and enter OWM API key as well as the location for which you want to display the weather data

To compile you will need following libraries

* https://github.com/Xinyuan-LilyGO/LilyGo-EPD47
* https://github.com/bblanchon/ArduinoJson

In board manager choose ESP32 Dev Module with PSRAM Enabled
